Ledger versioning (#2488)
microsoft/CCF: doc/audit/ledger.rst

The entire service and application state is contained in the ledger (including both governance and application transactions). The ledger contains regular signature transactions (``public:ccf.internal.signatures`` map) which sign the root of the :term:`Merkle Tree` at the time the signature transaction is emitted.

.. tip:: Use the ``read_ledger.py`` utility available as part of the :doc:`/audit/python_library` to read the public content of a CCF ledger.

Ledger Format
-------------

The ledger is split into multiple files (or chunks). Each ledger file starts with an 8-byte offset pointing to the end of file where a vector of positions is stored for fast fetching of transactions (only set when a file is complete, internal use only).

The serialised transactions follow the 8-byte offset, as described in :ref:`audit/ledger:Transaction Format`.

> .. note:: A completed ledger file always ends on a signature transaction.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
.. note:: A complete ledger file always ends on a signature transaction.
```

+----------+-----+---+--------------------------------+-------------------------------------------------------------------------+
| | Private| **Optional**                                                                                                       |
| | Domain | | Encrypted serialised private domain blob.                                                                        |
+----------+--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------+

Transaction Encryption
----------------------

Each entry in the ledger corresponds to a transaction committed by the primary node.

> When a transaction is committed, each affected ``Store::Map`` is serialised in different security domains (i.e. public or private), based on the name of the Map when it was created (default is private). A public ``Store::Map`` (i.e. one whose name starts with "public:") is serialised and stored in the ledger as plaintext while a private ``Store::Map`` is serialised and encrypted before being stored.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When a transaction is committed, each ``Store::Map`` containing writes is serialised in different security domains (i.e. public or private), based on the name of the Map when it was created (default is private). A public ``Store::Map`` (i.e. one whose name starts with "public:") is serialised and stored in the ledger as plaintext while a private ``Store::Map`` is serialised and encrypted before being stored.
```

Ledger entries are integrity-protected and encrypted using a symmetric key shared by all trusted nodes (see :doc:`/overview/cryptography`). This key is kept secure inside each enclave. See :ref:`governance/common_member_operations:Rekeying Ledger` for details on how members can rotate the ledger encryption key.

> Note that even if a transaction only affects a private ``Store::Map``, unencrypted information such as the sequence number is always present in the serialised entry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note that even if a transaction only writes to a private ``Store::Map``, unencrypted information such as the sequence number is always present in the serialised entry.
```
